persuade
The jade seal is naturally in my hands.
you
Are you okay?
You have to ask our Zhang Shangshu about this.
You betray the old woman
Old man
Emperor
The quality is bright
Ancient and Modern
It is a generation of heroes
Helpless court officials
How can I cooperate with you?
Why betray
One by one today.
Can't live
Kill them all for me
I said kill them.
Why don't you move?
Alright Haifei
Everyone is your lord
What are you doing here?
Shouldn't you have fought against Beiyuan in Liaodong?
I forgot to tell the mayor
10 years ago, there was a good news from Liaodong
Our army won
Killing 300,000 Japanese
That's not possible.
Beiyuan has 100,000 army
army
Not a match for Beiyuan at all
The age of adults has changed
Now cold weapons are compared to hot weapons
Cold weapons are only crushed
No way. You're lying to me.